Acrem City|The general management of Acrem City falls on the Barons's shoulders. The current baron is a sniveling idiot who the King of Acrem and the Emperor can't stand. He has yet to do anything treasonous, so they have not removed him.
Princes' Port|This barony was founded by the twenty-six half-brothers of Empress Sandrah. Not wanting to sit idly around the Imperial Palace to be ordered around by their half-sister, they departed. They spoke at length with the Count of Ithia, and he allowed them to build a town not knowing that the Empress was fully aware of their activities. When they had built their homes along the shore of the lake there, they named it Princes' Port although the only harbors are the docks of the Princes' homes for their pleasure boats./After a while the Empress visited her brothers and the Count. Being impressed with the place, she declared the area a Barony. She left it up to the dazed Count to decide which of her Imperial brothers was to be Baron. He eventually named the eldest brother Baron. The first Baron of Princes' Port was a half-gnome.
Ziwa's Land|Ziwa was a young man looking for solitude and not finding it. He ran away from home to get away from his widower father who abused him. He was not without skills; and upon finding a plot of land on the outskirts of a forest, he built himself a nice cottege. His solitude lasted for around ten years when an old carter and his daughter stopped near his home for the night. The carter came to his door asking for the use of the small barn for his daughter to sleep in. Ziwa and the carter haggled a price, and the carter was Ziwa's first customer. Ziwa learned that during the past ten years a few farming communities had formed around the area. The carter was taking goods from one to another. Ziwa seemed to have built his home in the center of these communities./The carter and his daughter would come back often to visit during their trips, and the daughter stayed with Ziwa after one such visit. Others started to come by Ziwa's to stay the night, and Ziwa built an inn. Ziwa then added a tavern to the inn, and after that a stable. His employees brought their families with them. Ziwa's once quiet home became a small community. It served the surrounding communities as a place of trade./Ziwa retained control of the area. People brought him their problems and concerns, and he would gladly help find a resolution. The farmers asked Ziwa for a place to hold a market, and he allowed it. Following the farmers were other craftsmen wanting to set up where business was good. With the craftsmen and traders came thier families. Ziwa governed all with a kind yet firm hand. His rules became laws./It wasn't long before the Count of Ithia noticed Ziwa's community, and Ziwa's sway over the surrounding areas. The Count came to visit and left with a good impression of Ziwa. Upon consultation with the Duke of Livbolia and the King of Acrem, Ithia's Count returned and offered Ziwa the title of Baron. Ziwa accepted after much persuassion. Being a simple man, he simply named his Barony Ziwa's Land.
Mal's Dive|This area was once known for the outlaws that inhabited it. The people in this area were so ruthless people went out of their way to avoid travelling through it. The Duke of Genartina ordered the Count of Teamagula to bring law into the area. The Count had no idea of how to accomplish this. He sent in troops only to have them all slaughtered. He hired wizards and clerics in hopes they would help. They were never heard from again. The Count was so desperate that he went in search of the local theives' guild. The Guild Master frowned upon this until the Count told him the reason for the search. The Guild Master informed the Count that he would not send even the meanest of his cutthoats into this area./The Count didn't know what to do at this point. It wasn't until he came up with the plan to offer a patent of nobility to the person who brought law back into this area. Word spread and battle between factions broke out. One brute named Mal ended up on top. His brutality brought order to the chaos. He was not the most intelligent, just the most feared. Mal traveled to Teamagula Castle and declared that the area was restored to lawfulness. The Count made good his offer of a patent of nobility after one year's time. Mal ruled the area with an iron fist. When Mal was inducted with the authority of Baron, he was given the honor of naming the area. He just smirked and named it after himself. That is how this Barony got the name Mal's Dive.
Libzar|Libzar was known as just one of many counselors of Ulias, the eighth Grand Duke of Eramaci. What was not known was the he was also a spy for Ulias. His twin sister Libsaria would go amongst the guests of Ulias and find out much about those visiting. She would report to her brother using their version of twin speak to get confidential information to their employer./It was during a state dinner when Libzar doubled over in pain. Lisaria had been stabbed. Grand Duke Ulias immediately ordered his palace sealed and the attacker was to be brought before him. It was found that the attacker was Getrilla; the Grand Duke's sister, rival, and heir. She had been planning to kill her brother and Libsaria got in her way. Getrilla was sentenced to death and executed the very next day./Libzar and Libsaria were retired and sent to live on a small estate in a little traveled area of the Erarmaci. Libsaria recovered slowly over the next few months. They were given the estate and a sizable area of land as reward for their years of service to Ulias and his family. After a while Ulias gave Libzar enough land to make him a Duke.
Libsaria|The estate on which Libsaria lived with her brother was renamed after her. Libsaria did not want a title so that she could continue her work as a spy, but Grand Duke Ulias and Duke Libzar refused to let her put herself into more jeopardy. She was given the title Baroness to keep her out of trouble. When the King ratified Ulias's decisions, she could not refuse./The original estate has had to be expanded many times over the centuries, but it still serves as the palace for both the Duke of Libzar and the Baron of Libsaria.
Stanzakka|Stanzakka was known to be a cunning warrior and a wise chieften. When Acrem came to the borders of Stanzakka's tribe, Stanzakka came to the fore of his people and rode to the center of what could have been a great field of battle under the banner of truce. There he, surrounded by his sons, met with Acrem. Being aware of each's prowess in battle, they sat at the peace table and came to a treaty. Both of them knew that a war between them would be a war to the extinction of both tribes./Even though Acrem had a larger army, Stanzakka had knowledge of the area and experience in the field that Acrem lacked. The Stan Accords led to the capture of the entirety of the Kingdom of Acrem. Stanzakka surrendered to Acrem, and Acrem placed Stanzakka as the supreme general of his armies. When Stanzakka asked to retire, Acrem wanted to give Stanzakka more territory. Stanzakka demured. The hereditory lands of Stanzakka's tribe remained his. Each Duke of Stanzakka is given the honorary title General of the Armies of Acrem.
Atamala|When Stanzakka retired from service to Acrem, he settled in a remote location in his ancestral lands. He and his wives enjoyed the rest of their lives here. He allowed others to move into this area and, needing a name for the place, named it after his beloved first wife Atamala./The first ruler of Atamala was her oldest brother and Stanzakka's man-at-arms.
Stanbezuki|This county was named after and ruled by a son of Stanzakka.
Ketnasht|Ketnasht was the man-at-arms of Stanbezuki.
Coratia|Coratia was the first wife of Stanbezuki.
Viatal|Viatal was Stanbezuki's personal page.
Stankjitaki|This county was named after and ruled by a son of Stanzakka.
Beandush|Beandush was the man-at-arms of Stankjitaki.
Herbozenia|Herbozenia was the first wife of Stankjitaki.
Stankrygy|This county was named after and ruled by a son of Stanzakka.
Keshbik|Keshbik was the man-at-arms of Stankrygy.
Kavoslia|Kavoslia was the first wife of Stankrygy.
Notesia|Notesia was the second wife of Stankrygy.
Stanmurkti|This county was named after and ruled by a son of Stanzakka.
Dabakash|Dabakash was the man-at-arms of Stanmurkti.
Serwit's Land|Serwit was one of Stanmurkti's pages.
Rethen's Land|Rethen was one of Stanmurkti's pages.
Saurabi|When Afet, the Chief of the Saurabi, heard that Stanzakka was at the head of the Acreman host, Afet surrendered to Acrem without a fight. It was Stanzakka he feared not Acrem. Acrem married Afet's eldest daughter to his third son, though according to Acremen tribal tradition Acrem's son would not rule, his wife would. So, while Haydri would rule after her father died, she would have her husband looking over her shoulder./When Haydri died, her eldest son Stanhaydri ruled here.
Haydri|Haydri was named after the first female ruler of Saurabi. She chose to let her husband rule here. After her husband died, her second son was given rulership of this barony.
Stanhanigfa|This county was named after a son of Stanzakka. The chieftan of the Saurabi tribe had no sons, and Acrem married the sons of Stanzakka, his most trusted general, to Saurabi's daughters.
Blauk|Blauk was the man-at-arms of Stanhanigfa.
Slao|Slao was the wife of Stanhanigfa, and third daughter of Afet.
Stankipa|This county was named after a son of Stanzakka. The chieftan of the Saurabi tribe had no sons, and Acrem married the sons of Stanzakka, his most trusted general, to Saurabi's daughters.
Isla Dabma|Dabma was the wife of Stankipa, and second daughter of Afet. Dabma's favorite servant was married to Stankipa's man-at-arms when he was given rulership of this barony.
Noam|Noam was the lead page of Stankipa and first Baron here.
South Kings' Town|King's Town is two Baronies astride the borders of two Duchies. The town was ordered built by a Grand Duke of Eramaci who wanted to impress the King with this show of prosperity. The Dukes of Lumcobia and Uper and the Counts of Cajam and Cenvi were opposed to the city, but the Grand Duke forced the issue. The city is a monstrous place filled with sycophants hoping to one day meet the King or even the Emperor. It is a gaudy place with no real value except as a place to display wealth. The two Barons who rule this city are often in contention over who has the most power. It is half the size of Acrem city. The only King to step foot in the city declared "This is a joke!"/Everything bought here is five times as expensive and only of marginally better quality.
North Kings' Town|King's Town is two Baronies astride the borders of two Duchies. The town was ordered built by a Grand Duke of Eramaci who wanted to impress the King with this show of prosperity. The Dukes of Lumcobia and Uper and the Counts of Cajam and Cenvi were opposed to the city, but the Grand Duke forced the issue. The city is a monstrous place filled with sycophants hoping to one day meet the King or even the Emperor. It is a gaudy place with no real value except as a place to display wealth. The two Barons who rule this city are often in contention over who has the most power. It is half the size of Acrem city. The only King to step foot in the city declared "This is a joke!"/Everything bought here is five times as expensive and only of marginally better quality.
Ristao|The current Count of Ristao is of the Second Ristaen Dynasty. All of the descendent's of the original grantee were found to be dead, so the Duke of Libzar and the Grand Duke of Eramaci were able to appoint a new Count. The founder of the Second Ristaen Dynasty was a distant cousin of the last ruler of the First Ristaen Dynasty.
Piliph Pines|Piliph was a man of extreme ill luck. Each of his six wives died to various accidents, and some of his children were also fatally accident prone. Atop the grave of each of his loved ones, he planted a pine tree.
Yreth|Yreth is a matriarchal monarchy. The eldest daughter is heir. It is uncommon for the spouse of a noble to get a title. The female children do get the title of Princess, but it is uncommon for the male children to get the title of Prince./Yreth is a vast desert with large oases scattered throughout. There are caves in this desert that have hidden springs, and even a few with underground rivers.
Wypuquadu|This Deyanate is ruled by the Royal Prince Consort.
Vi Oblin|Vi Marteen Oblin, the first prince of Vi Oblin, named his first son Broneir after his good friend and king Broneir Vecile. Broneir Oblin was not as noble as his namesake and took many women to his bed. Marteen decided to teach his son a lesson and gave three of Bronier's lovers lands and titles. Iblunon, Lalade, and Marains were all lovers of Vi Broneir Oblin. The eldest son of Xi Lalade became Vi Oblin after Vi Broneir Oblin died.
Xi Iblunon|Xi Iblunon was one of Broneir Oblin's many lovers. When she died her oldest son by Vi Broneir Oblin became Xi Iblunon.
Xi Lalade|Xi Lalade was one of Broneir Oblin's many lovers. When Vi Broneir Oblin died, Lalade's oldest son by Broneir became Vi Oblin. When she died her second son by Broneir became Xi Lalade.
Xi Marains|Xi Marains was one of Broneir Oblin's many lovers. When she died her oldest son by Vi Broneir Oblin became Xi Marains.
Six Canyons|Six Canyons is known for its bridges and the citizens have created many ways to get light into the deepest caverns. They use mirrors and prisms to bend the light to wherever they need it. They have dug small holes to the surface to get sunlight to areas where they have yet to put mirrors, or where the light from the mirrors has gotten to dim. Some residents in Six Canyons have lived their entire lives in caves.
Strafet|Strafet is a dyarchy. The Grand Duke of Bright Gem and the Grand Duke of Big Tree jointly rule with their human king as a figurehead. The palace of the King of Strafet is the smallest royal palace on the planet./The large lake on the northern border is the source for two major rivers. One river flows on the northeastern border, and one flows on the western border. The river to the north is called the Tegla River, and the on to the east is the Cvsa River. The lake is the northern border. Across the lake to the west is Krigt and to the north is Teglan. To the humans in Teglan, it is Lake Silverlake; to the halflings it is Silverlake./The halfling Grand Duchy of Bigtree is landlocked, though it has very good roads that lead to ports to the east. The gnomes have a small coastline on the Sea of Eldent.
Bigtree|The tribes and clans were formed pre-imperial rule over most of the human kingdoms, so the Vecily were considered a threat as were the Teglars. Humans were not universally trusted by the halflings./When Strafet entered the Empire, the Emperor made the ancestral lands of the two halfling tribes into duchies. The ancestral lands of the clans became counties. Within each clan were bands. The lands that they claimed were made into baronies.
Wander Trails|The northeast border is the Tegla River. To the west is the Forrest Glades Duchy. To the southeast is the ancestral home of the gnomes. The southernmost county barely has access to the Cvsa River. Its major land features are forrests and farms.
Rambletrack|The bands of this clan were not known for staying in one place for too long. They never left the general area of their territory, and some stayed behind when necessary. They tended to move every century or so.
Rollingway|In this clan Stonesthrow Band was sedentary. The Coinstride and Trailfender Bands were mobile. One band stayed primarily north of Stonesthrow, and the other stayed primarily southwest. They traded with each other, and sometimes set up shop together for a century or so, and then when wanderlust hit again, they would separate. Membership within the bands was mutable. You could be a member of one band, then a century later be traveling with the other./The Coinstride Band supplied the Stonesthrow and Trailfender Bands. The Trailfender band defended the Stonesthrow and Coinstride bands. The Stonesthrow band provided sense of permanence when the Coinstriders and Trailfenders needed it. The Stonesthrow band raised most of the other bands children and cared for their elderly.
Coinstride|The northern Coinstriders trade with the gnomes to the southeast.
Stonesthrow|They were the sedentary band, since they never went more than a stone's throw away from their homes. Stonesthrow anchored the other two bands. There were times when all three bands would be living in the same spot. Stonesthrow is the largest Barony in this Grand Duchy.
Trailfender|This band was mostly young men, with a few older veterans and women who kept the area clear of marauders. Young men from the other bands would be recruited and trained. There was, and still is, an elite group who were or are dragonslayers, since there are have always been a few of them in the region.
Wandersend|This county borders the Cvsa River and the Duchy of Wander Trails. One band is located on the banks of the River, and the other is inland. There are a few small rivers that branch off of the Cvsa into the area. The river band was started by a brother of the chief of the inland band. They had a difference of opinion so it was decided for the band to separate into two bands.
Greenleaf|It is inland and very forested. It is a typical halfling community.
Riverglen|This band was founded by a group of halflings who got wanderlust, but not too much of it. When the youths got to the river, they took one look at it and got tired of wandering.
Telanna|Telanna is a monarchy. The heir is related to and named by, before retirement, the previous monarch. The monarch of Telanna rules all elves on the planet. It is even said that the monarch of Telanna rules the dark elves, though they deny it. Anyone of elven descent is compelled to obey the Telanni monarch.
Teglan|Teglan is a strict patriarchal monarchy. Only men rule here, usually the most violent. The first male child of the King who sits upon the throne rules.
Krigt|Krigt is a monarchy. The heir is whichever child the king names. If the king fails to name an heir, the most capable child is made king.
Eldent|Eldent is a patriarchal monarchy. The heir is the first son of the king who swims from the northernmost border of the kingdom to the southernmost border. If they all fail the swim, the daughters contest for it./Eldent is a new acquisition of the Arema Empire. Emperor Elezek was quick in creating stronger alliances, so he married a few of his distant cousins to a few of nobles in Eldent.
Ihu|The Count of Ihu was just old enough to rule when Eldent joined with the Empire of Acrem. The Emperor sent the daughter of the Count of Tarameldatil, one of his distant elven cousins, to be the Count's wife. They met on the shore of Telanna. She now resides in a castle on the waterfront near where her husband lives.
Miri|The Baroness of Miri was not old enough to be rule when Eldent joined with the Empire of Acrem. The Emperor sent the third son of the Baron of Analossecar, one of his distant elven cousins, to be the Baroness's husband and regent. They met on a ship on the Sea of Eldent. He now resides on the ship over his wife's barony. He can not wait until his wife is old enough to rule on her own behalf.
Imokei|The Baron of Imokei was recently widowed before Eldent joined with the Empire of Acrem. The Emperor sent the daughter of the Baron of Calmocar, one of his distant elven cousins, to be his wife. They met in a ship on the Sea of Eldent. She now resides on a ship over her husband's barony.
Koreihui|The heir of the Duke of Koreihui was just old enough to be married when Eldent joined with the Empire of Acrem. The Emperor sent the daughter of the Duke of Mandelsar, one of his distant elven cousins, to be the heir's wife. They met on the shore of Telanna. She now resides on a large ship above the water where her husband will rule.
Midlantil|The swamp is to the east; elven, half-elven, and human communities are to the west, south, and north. There are a few hills, but no real mountains. The southern swamp ends before it gets into this county. The land is very fertile around all three baronies. The baronies are in between the former swamp and hill lands.
Cragsdellicar|This barony is between but slightly to the north of the other two baronies in Midlandatil. The Duchy of Mesasar to the west is one that rises almost suddenly out of the earth. This area, while fertile, has problems with stones cropping up everywhere. The hills in this barony a little craggy, but not all that bad. There are no mines in the Barony, but some of what is mined elsewhere filters through here.
Glademarchecar|This area is slightly more forested than the other baronies in Midlandatil, but not overly so./This barony is close to the border of the next Duchy of Taliltresar which is mostly elves and half-elves with a strong human influence. The people here have not adopted their building style, which is to build their homes in the trees. This area is slightly more forested, but not overly so. Though all the humans of this kingdom respect elves and their ways for the most part, being human most tend to like solid earth under their feet when on the ground floor of their homes.
Harvesthomeacar|This barony is in the eastern part of the county./Nearly identical to Glademarchacar, this barony has more fertile land. It is to the east, but there are prosperous farming communities around all of them.
Port Gildacar|This port is in a somewhat sheltered bay, though a good tropical depression could upset things. This port is one of the wealthiest because mostly pleasure boats dock there. The occasional cargo vessel docks here, but with only the best goods.
Port Spanocar|The building of the port was difficult since there was very little rock to anchor it to. The docks are some of the largest, but that is only because they are so far out from land. There are a bridges and causeways connecting the docks to the city. They built them after too many cargoes were being dunked into the ocean when the small boats sunk. They tried barges with shallow bottoms, but when costly silks were getting wet, something had to be done.
Verdanacar|It sort of sprang up out of nowhere. One farm, then two, and on and on and on, until "Wow! We have a city now, where did that come from?" The major crops are mostly food stuffs, even rice.
Mountinpeaktil|This county is located in the southern part of a mountainous region where there is some mining, pine trees, and cooler temperatures than the rest of the island. To the north is a Alveigtrudil which is populated by a cold climate people who like the warmer climate of the island. Iron, copper, and tin are mined here with iron being the major source of metal.
Cavernacar|This barony started out as a group of people who got caught up in the mountains in a snowstorm who found an immense cave system. After a few years of cleaning them out and then altering them, they made it into a very livable fort. Some of the rock excavated was used to build homes outside of the cave system. The people who got trapped in the caves did go a little nuts.
Orocar|This barony is in the center of the county, is the barony that handles most of the ore. This northern barony is very close to the beginning of two major snowmelt rivers.
Wintspiracar|This is the northernmost barony in the county.
Bliss Valley|This grand duchy is a land of contrasts. It is currently in the kingdom of Zilarb which annexed it from Satex during the Goddess War. Satex acquired it from Yreth prior to either nation becoming part of the Acrema Empire. Bliss Valley also retains the gynarchal hierarchies. Most medium and small sized towns and almost all villages retain their original Yrethi names.