This is my I<opinion> about B<population control and abortion>. It is only supported by what I have read or heard, so I could be wrong. I am open to others' opinions, though I may not change my mind. If you feel strongly about this issue, please comment below to tell me what you think. You have the power to change my mind, and if you do, I will change what is here accordingly.
I feel if we do not stop overbearing now, there will be more people finding out that they are infertile. If you are infertile you should not fight it, just accept it. It may be that evolution is telling you your genes are not necessary any more, or God does not want you to have children. Either way you shouldn't try to have children. I feel infertile couples should adopt, especially those children who are hard to place.
I do not like the way suburbs are popping up all over the place where farms used to be. It tells me the area is overpopulated. The local governments should start promoting birth control if the area can not support itself agriculturally. If a worst case scenario happened and the locals had only the local farms to get their food from, could the area handle it?
I feel allowing same sex marriages is a good idea. At least they are not starting off with the assumption they will have children. I also feel polygamy and polyandry should also be accepted. What is wrong with a person showing the world who he or she loves, even if it is more than one or the same gender?
Abortion is also needed in some but not all cases, and anyone who wants one should be able to get one. I do not feel it should be used as a form of birth control, but if a person has been abused and the result of the abuse is a pregnancy, the pregnancy should be aborted if the woman chooses. Choice is very important. I think adoption should be promoted more than abortion. There are a lot of people who want children who can't have them. The more children there are to adopt, fewer fertility drugs would be needed.
I think there should be a Childbirth Tax to be used to pay for education. It would give education a big boost and allow for a better teaching environment. The child's Social Security card and the birth certificate can be held until the tax is paid. This tax would also be a form of birth control. Only those who can afford the tax would willingly get pregnant. Having children in this day and age should be considered a privilege not a right.
2 Abortion
The only way to rid ourselves of abortion is to rid ourselves of unwanted pregnancies. There are plenty of ways to attain this goal.
Abstinence is one way to stop unwanted pregnancies. This way is the most sure way, but is it the most practical approach? It is not. With sex being extremely pleasurable, the general population will not embrace this method. If sex weren't so pleasurable, we would not have the issue of abortion. Who would willingly have sex if it hurt?
The next way is contraception. This is the most practical approach to this issue. There are so many contraceptive drugs and devices from the pill to hysterectomies. It is just choosing the right method for each person.
Sexual education should begin when a child becomes a young adult. When a girl begins menstruation or a boy notices his first body hair is a good indicator that education should begin. This education should include everything from the mechanics of sex to sexually transmitted diseases to pregnancy. Part of this education should include an extensive discussion on the various forms of contraceptives.
2 Pills for erectile dysfunction
Any man who takes a pill for erectile dysfunction should be required to get a vasectomy. Nature is telling you something guys. No kids! Infertility is nature's way of giving you a free pass to have fun. Let the fertile people have the kids, you enjoy being free of that burden. I would fund research for infertility so more people could have it.
