Story from an IM conversation with wylodmayer.

The Baron Alec's daughter, a princess because of her distant relationship with the king, is out riding one day when her group is attacked by a lycanthrope. None of them are adventurers, and it's dark, so they don't know what attacked them. The thing runs off when the vicar (a 4th level cleric) showed up unexpectedly having been out looking for her and her group because they were out so late.
The Baron hires the adventurers to protect her straining his relationship with Max, the captain of the guard. The princess is pretty frightened and very happy to have the adventurers around. She honestly (magical confirmation) doesn't know what attacked her. The vicar has many wild theories that are uniformly wrong.
She's a doppleganger, having killed and replaced the real Baron's daughter. She's after the Baron. She really has no idea why a were-thing might have attacked her, except that it's a wild creature, and she hates wild monsters. She is genuinely happy to have the adventurers around; she's convinced that she's smart enough to keep her diguise from being penetrated.
Carl, one of the castle's woodsmen, is secretly a werebear. He can smell when a woman is fertile, and he noticed that the Baron's daughter wasn't getting her "heat" regularly. At first he just chuckled, suspecting a secret pregnancy. He became very concerned after a few months and realized that wasn't it at all. He grew suspicious. He doesn't know what she is, but he's reasonably convinced that she isn't quite a normal human anymore. He's just a huntsman, and doesn't have many opportunities to get close to the girl. The only times he can get at her is when she's out riding. The kicker is, he's going to assume that the adventurers are "whatever she is," and treat them as probable enemies.
Carl is a member of the castle staff, and has a seat in the Baron's court. He is very concerned when he doesn't sense the princess's heat. The woodsman's family was made a vow several generations ago when the ancestor of the baron was saved by the ancestor of the woodsman. When the Baron's family married into the king's family, the woodsman's family would be married into the baron's family. That is why the banner of the baron's family has a bear on it.
The princess is to bear the heir to the baron. The baron is a bastard who never intended to allow his daughter to marry some commoner. He is going to break his familial vow to Carl's family. Alec suspects that the attacker is Carl.
The baron may set the PCs against Carl too.
Who in the baron's court will try to set the PCs straight?
Max is a near miss paladin. He was just shy of becoming a paladin before being disqualified due to his shyness. Because paladins need a high charisma, he is too reticent and unassuming. That is why he won't immediately speak up with what he knows. He has a small problem with being told off; his shyness gives him a shorter fuse.
Max and Carl work together a lot since the woodsman tracks poachers. He's always coming and going at odd hours and in the middle of the night. The Captain knows that his schedule is unusual, even compared to other woodsmen, since the woodsman is always waking the captain up to hunt down poachers. Carl trusts Max with his life and secret of his lycanthropy.
The Captain of the guard might be able to tell the characters that the werebear isn't a threat. But he doesn't know that's why the characters are there, at least not right away. The Baron's lack of faith in him by hiring outside help for security caused he above mentioned breach. Alec knows that Max is close to Carl, and dislikes both of them.

The Baron Alec, Max, and Carl all grew up at the same time in the Barony. They have known each other all of their lives. Alec is a prick. Max and Carl know this.

What if she really thinks she is human instead of being evil, she is a "good" doppleganger...hunted by were(whatever)s at the behest of her "tribe" who want her back.
What if she stopped being fertile because she's taking a potion given to her by someone to prevent her from getting pregnant?

If the PCs get rid of the werebear too quickly, the local druid, a friend but not a member of the court, may come looking for him when he doesn't turn up.  Knowing where his secret lair is, he may find his notes, revealing his suspicions about the Princess. And if the PCs know any of the more important nobles in the realm, higher up than the Baronet, she may decide to replace one of THEM.